# JAVAFX-Fridge-Application

The aim  is to create an application to maintain a collection of groceries stored in your fridge. The
groceries and a list of items are stored in a MySQL database.
A SQL script is provided to create the tables in the mysql database. Note:
• 2 tables will be created upon execution of the script: a grocery table and an item table
• Sample records will also be added to these 2 tables
The application consists of the following classes:
• Grocery
• Item
• FridgeDSC
• FridgeFX
These classes are either provided as complete java files or as templates that you must complete. A css file is also
provided.
Grocery
The Grocery class represents a grocery item bought and stored in your fridge. You do not have to add anything to
this class, the complete class code is provided. As can be seen from the provided code, the class has the following
attributes:
• id: the unique identifier of a grocery.
• item: an instance of the Item class.
• Item class, (provided) has the following attributes:
o name: the name of an item from which you can pick to make a Grocery object
o expires: whether or not this item can expire
• date: the date the grocery item was purchased/added to the fridge.
• quantity: quantity of such grocery item bought/added to the fridge at the same time.
• section: which section of the fridge is the grocery stored.
The id attribute of a grocery is of type int and is auto generated by the database, as can be seen in the SQL
script. The Grocery class has a main method so that you can compile it on its own and test to make sure that it
works. See the code.
Item
The second class, Item, has a one to one mapping with the Grocery class where Grocery class has one (and only
one) instance of Item. You do not have to add anything to this class, the complete class code is provided. As can
be seen from the provided code, the class has following attributes:
• name: the unique identifier for an Item
• expires: a Boolean specifying if an Item has an expiration date or not. The default is False.
The Item class also has a main method for testing.
FridgeDSC
The third class, FridgeDSC, is the data source controller. A skeleton of this class is provided.
You should use this class to create methods to send SQL commands to database. You will send and
receive data.
FridgeFX
The fourth class, FridgeFX, provides the graphical user interface for the users to interact with the system. This
class is implemented in JavaFX. 
